Covid Visualizer - Final milestone  🚀 (#2)
JasemDuncan/covid-visualizer: README.md

# # Covid Visualizer

Covid visualizer is a simple, interactive way to visualize the impact of COVID-19.

> This project use API to retrieve real information of the data about covid-19. The information is divide by countries and first you can see a list of all countries around the world and when you click the detail information will present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses API to retrieve real information of the data about covid-19. The information is divided by countries and first you can see a list of all countries around the world and when you click the detail information will present.
```

### Install
- Open your console and change the current working directory into the destination for this project.
- Type `git clone git@github.com:JasemDuncan/covid-visualizer.git`

> - Run this command in terminal: `npm install` to install all dependecies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run this command in terminal: `npm install` to install all dependencies.
```
